doc(framework): keras guide (#2741)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/frameworks/keras.rst

Keras
=====

.. note::

   Both ``bentoml.keras`` and ``bentoml.tensorflow`` support Keras
   model. ``bentoml.keras`` utilizing Keras' native model format,
   which will give better development experience if user are more
   familiar with Keras model. However, Keras' native model format is
   not optimized for production inference. Using
   ``bentoml.tensorflow`` is recommended in production
   environment. You can read :doc:`bentoml.tensorflow documentation

>    </frameworks/tensorflow>` for more information.

Reviewer: Maybe for this part, bring the part in bentoml.tensorflow docs from jiangbo PR to here, and explain some of the performance deficit about using Keras.

   You can also convert a Keras model to ONNX model and use
   ``bentoml.onnx`` to serve production inference. Refer
   :doc:`bentoml.onnx documentation </frameworks/onnx>` for more

>    information.

Reviewer: Worth noting to link to the official onnx to keras guide on this as well.

.. code-block:: python

   import bentoml

   import numpy as np
   from bentoml.io import Image
   from bentoml.io import JSON

   runner = bentoml.keras.get("keras_resnet50:latest").to_runner()

   svc = bentoml.Service("keras_resnet50", runners=[runner])

   @svc.api(input=Image(), output=JSON())
   def predict(img):

       from tensorflow.keras.applications.resnet50 import preprocess_input, decode_predictions

       img = img.resize((224, 224))
       arr = np.array(img)
       arr = np.expand_dims(arr, axis=0)
       arr = preprocess_input(arr)
       preds = runner.run(arr)
       return decode_predictions(preds, top=1)[0]

When constructing a :ref:`bentofile.yaml <concepts/bento:Bento Build
Options>`, there are two ways to include Keras as a dependency, via
``python`` (if using pip) or ``conda``:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: python

      .. code-block:: yaml

         python:
         - tensorflow

   .. tab-item:: conda

      .. code-block:: yaml

         conda:
           channels:
           - conda-forge
           dependencies:
           - tensorflow

Using Runners
-------------

.. seealso::

>    See :ref:`concepts/runner:Using Runners` doc for a general introduction to the Runner concept and its usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :ref:`concepts/runner:Using Runners`: a general introduction to the Runner concept and its usage.
```

``runner.predict.run`` is generally a drop-in replacement for
``model.predict`` for executing the prediction in the model

> runner. When ``predict`` is the only prediction method exposed by
> runner model, you can just use ``runner.run`` instead of
> ``runner.predict.run``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
runner. 

.. tip::

   When your Keras model only contains one inference signature (such as ``predict``), Runner also provides ``runner.run`` that is synonymous to ``runner.predict.run``.
```
